---

copyright:
  years: 2017, 2019
lastupdated: "2019-03-06"

keywords: authentication, authorization, identity, app security, secure, application identity, app to app, access token, activity

subcollection: appid

---

{:new_window: target="_blank"}
{:shortdesc: .shortdesc}
{:screen: .screen}
{:pre: .pre}
{:table: .aria-labeledby="caption"}
{:codeblock: .codeblock}
{:tip: .tip}
{:note: .note}
{:important: .important}
{:deprecated: .deprecated}
{:download: .download}


# {{site.data.keyword.cloudaccesstrailshort}} events
{: #at-events}

You can view, manage, and analyze user-initiated activities made in your {{site.data.keyword.appid_full}} service instance by using the {{site.data.keyword.cloudaccesstrailshort}} service.
{: shortdesc}



For more information about how the service works, see the [{{site.data.keyword.cloudaccesstrailshort}} docs](/docs/services/cloud-activity-tracker/reference?topic=cloud-activity-tracker-getting-started#getting-started).


</br>

## Viewing administrative events
{: #at-monitor-admin}

You can view, manage, and analyze configuration activity that is made in your {{site.data.keyword.appid_short_notm}} instance by using the {{site.data.keyword.cloudaccesstrailshort}} service.
{: shortdesc}

To monitor administrative activity:

1. Log in to your {{site.data.keyword.cloud_notm}} account.
2. From the catalog, provision an instance of the {{site.data.keyword.cloudaccesstrailshort}} service in the same account as your {{site.data.keyword.appid_short_notm}} instance.
3. In the {{site.data.keyword.cloudaccesstrailshort}} dashboard, click the **Manage** tab.
4. From the drop-down list, make the following configurations to search for events that are generated by {{site.data.keyword.appid_short_notm}}.
    * For **View logs**, select **Account logs**.
    * For **Search**, select **target.Management**.
    * For **Filter**, input **appid**.
5. Click **Filter**.

</br>

## List of administrative events
{: #at-events-admin}

Check out the following table for a list of the events that are sent to {{site.data.keyword.cloudaccesstrailshort}}.

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Action</th>
    <th>Description</th>
    <th>UI Location</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>read.recentActivity</code></td>
    <td>View recent activity.</td>
    <td>Can be found in the <strong>Activity Log</strong> box on the <strong>Overview</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>read.idpConfig</code></td>
    <td>View the identity provider configuration.</td>
    <td>Can be found in the <strong>Identity Providers > Manage</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>update.idpConfig</code></td>
    <td>Update the identity provider configuration.</td>
    <td>Can be updated in the <strong>Identity Providers > Manage</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>read.tokensConfig</code></td>
    <td>View the token expiration configuration.</td>
    <td>Can be found in the <strong>Identity Providers > Token Expiration</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>read.isProfilesActive</code></td>
    <td>View the user profile storage configuration.</td>
    <td>Can be found in the <strong>Activity Log</strong> in the <strong>Overview</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>update.isProfilesActive</code></td>
    <td>Update your user profile storage configuration.</td>
    <td>Can be found in the <strong>Profiles</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>read.themeColor</code></td>
    <td>View the theme color of the login widget header.</td>
    <td>Can be found in the <strong>Login Customization</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>update.themeColor</code></td>
    <td>Update the theme color of the login widget header.</td>
    <td>Can be Updated in the <strong>Login Customization</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>read.media</code></td>
    <td>View the image that is shown in the login widget.</td>
    <td>Can be found in the <strong>Login Customization</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>update.media</code></td>
    <td>Update the image that is shown in the login widget.</td>
    <td>Can be updated in the <strong>Login Customization</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>read.uiConfiguration</code></td>
    <td>View the login widget UI configuration which includes header color and image.</td>
    <td>Can be found in the <strong>Login Customization</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>read.uiLanguages</code></td>
    <td>View a list of supported languages.</td>
    <td>Must be viewed from the API.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>update.uiLanguages</code></td>
    <td>Update your supported languages.</td>
    <td>Must be updated through the API.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>read.samlMetadata</code></td>
    <td>View the {{site.data.keyword.appid_short_notm}} SAML metadata.</td>
    <td>Can be found in the <strong>Identity Providers > SAML 2.0 Federation</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>read.cloudDirectoryUser</code></td>
    <td>View a Cloud Directory user.</td>
    <td>Can be found in the <strong>Users</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>update.cloudDirectoryUser</code></td>
    <td>Update a Cloud Directory User.</td>
    <td>Can be updated in the <strong>Users</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>delete.cloudDirectoryUser</code></td>
    <td>Delete a Cloud Directory user.</td>
    <td>Can be deleted in the <strong>Users</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>read.cloudDirectoryUsers</code></td>
    <td>View a list of your Cloud Directory users.</td>
    <td>Can be found in the <strong>Users</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>update.cloudDirectoryUsers</code></td>
    <td>Update your list of Cloud Directory users.</td>
    <td>Can be updated in the <strong>Users</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>delete.cloudDirectoryUsers</code></td>
    <td>Delete a list of Cloud Directory users.</td>
    <td>Can be deleted in the <strong>Users</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>read.emailTemplate</code></td>
    <td>View an email template.</td>
    <td>Can be found in the <strong>Identity Providers > Cloud Directory > Templates</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>update.emailTemplate</code></td>
    <td>Update an email template.</td>
    <td>Can be found in the <strong>Identity Providers > Cloud Directory > Templates</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>delete.emailTemplate</code></td>
    <td>Delete an email template to reset to the default.</td>
    <td>Can be found in the <strong>Identity Providers > Cloud Directory > Templates</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>read.senderDetails</code></td>
    <td>View the sender details.</td>
    <td>Can be found in the <strong>Identity Providers > Cloud Directory > Settings</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>update.senderDetails</code></td>
    <td>Update the sender details</td>
    <td>Can be found in the <strong>Identity Providers > Cloud Directory > Settings</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>update.resendNotification</code></td>
    <td>Resend user notifications.</td>
    <td>Can be found in the <strong>Identity Providers > Cloud Directory > Settings</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>update.selfForgotPassword</code></td>
    <td>Update the forgot password process.</td>
    <td>Can be found in the <strong>Identity Providers > Cloud Directory > Settings</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>update.forgotPasswordResult</code></td>
    <td>View the forgot password confirmation result.</td>
    <td>Must be done through the API.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>update.selfSignUp</code></td>
    <td>Update the sign-up process.</td>
    <td>Can be found in the <strong>Identity Providers > Cloud Directory > Settings</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>update.signUpResult</code></td>
    <td>View the sign-up result confirmation.</td>
    <td>Must be done through the API.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>read.action_url</code></td>
    <td>View the custom URL that is called when an action is performed.</td>
    <td>Can be found in the <strong>Identity Providers > Cloud Directory > Custom Landing Pages</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>update.action_url</code></td>
    <td>Update the custom URL that is called when an action is performed.</td>
    <td>Can be found in the <strong>Identity Providers > Cloud Directory > Settings</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>update.changePassword</code></td>
    <td>Change the Cloud Directory user password.</td>
    <td>Can be found in the <strong>Identity Providers > Cloud Directory > Settings</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>read.loginWidgetConfig</code></td>
    <td>View your login widget configuration.</td>
    <td>Can be found in the <strong>Login Customization</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>update.loginWidgetConfig</code></td>
    <td>Update your login widget configuration.</td>
    <td>Can be updated in the <strong>Login Customization</strong> tab.</td>
  </tr>
</table>



